---
title: 'Journey to the FEUture: FEU Tech Kicks Off CS EXPO and DevDay 2023 Featuring Innovations in Technology'
image: {
    src: '/article_assets/pre_event/hero.png',
    alt: 'CS Expo 2023 hero'
}
author: 'Micah A. Pablo'
publish_date: '2023-03-22'
description: "Get ready for CS EXPO 2023's return!"
---
This March 2023, FEU Institute of Technology spotlights the return of
one of the biggest events of its Computer Science department, the **CS
EXPO and DevDay 2023**. CS EXPO 2023 is a two-day event showcasing the
thesis projects of Computer Science students that applied different
programming languages and techniques to improve and develop
technological solutions for various industries. As an extension to the
exposition, professionals from the CS and IT field will also be leading
the stage for DevDay, a one-day seminar-event focusing on the impact,
evolution, and progress of technological advancements in the modern day.
This three-day conference will be held on March 14, 15, and 22, 2023.

Primarily directed by the CS students, this conference aims to spark
drive in transitioning routine, delivering automation, and sustaining
the world through science, innovations, and engineering--an ode to the
main aspects that have transformed the course of society. This 2023, CS
EXPO 2023 showcases the theme, "**Catalyzing Change in Society through
Cutting-Edge System Applications"** over project demonstrations,
presentations, discussions and engagements with the panelists on the
first and second days.

Going the extra mile in increasing productivity and expanding the
societal efficiency of technology, CS EXPO 2023 also features several
esteemed speakers, who shared and will be sharing their insights across
all three days of the conference. Last March 14, Keynote Speaker Mr.
Anthony De Luna, founder and CEO of Flipside AI, underlined the role of
artificial intelligence in shaping the future with the topic, *AI:
Assistance or Replacement*. Advancing to the second day of the event,
Mr. Ambrosio Berdijo Jr., Solutions Architect for Trend Micro TrendLabs
office, enlightened the audience on vast opportunities and career
options in cybersecurity with the talk entitled, *Careers in
Cybersecurity*.

On March 22, DevDay transcends with science and advancement through its
roster of brilliant speakers, who will be discussing the following
topics: *Data Analytics and How to Keep Up with a Data-Driven
Generation*, *Image Engineering: Disruption or Destruction?*, and
*Maximizing the Power of Image Processing to Improve Day-to-Day
Functions*. Mr. Terrance Erard Teh, Head of Data Science and Analytics
Division of BPI, will be gracing the final day as keynote speaker, while
Mr. Melbert Animas, OIC Dean of the School of International Hospitality
and Tourism Management; and Ms. Cherry Murrillon, founder and CEO of
Cawil.AI Solutions; will serve as the final resource speakers.

This year's iteration also marks the momentous return of the conference
to a face-to-face setup, after the COVID-19 Pandemic shifted the mode of
learning in schools to virtual classes for two years. This year, the CS
EXPO and DevDay 2023 transpired at FEU Tech Innovation Center (FTIC).
FTIC is an academe-based venture builder envisioned to be a venue for
the FEU community in emerging ideas for economic expansion and societal
development.

Technologies have reinvented the wheels of the way people learn, reason,
and interact. The exposition on the first two days of the conference
highlighted thirty-one thesis projects of the fourth-year CS students
that explored all avenues, whether in enhancing the quality of
machinery, lifting opportunities for products, or augmenting economic
growth.

CS EXPO 2023 is co-presented by Gold Sponsors Orange & Bronze Software 
Labs, Philippine Coffee and Barista Institute, and 1740 Coffee Genesis; 
and is also brought to you by Bronze Sponsors The Chalkboard INC. and 
Trend Micro. It is also presented by our media partners INQUIRER.net, 
InqPOP, PILIPINO Mirror, SparkUp, and Wish 107.5, in cooperation with 
organization partners from different universities.

The three-day conference is open to all students of Computer Science at
FEU Institute of Technology. For inquiries, please visit the official
Facebook page at
[https://www.facebook.com/csexpo2023](https://www.facebook.com/csexpo2023).